feat: 1.3.70 doc update (#1568)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: pages/docs/reference/experimental.md

This class must be annotated with [@RequiresOptIn](/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-requires-opt-in/index.html):

<div class="sample" markdown="1" theme="idea" data-highlight-only>

```kotlin
@RequiresOptIn
@Retention(AnnotationRetention.BINARY)
@Target(AnnotationTarget.CLASS, AnnotationTarget.FUNCTION)
annotation class MyDateTime
```

</div>

Opt-in requirement annotations must meet several requirements:
* `BINARY` [retention](/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin.annotation/-annotation-retention/index.html)
* No `EXPRESSION` and `FILE` among [targets](/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin.annotation/-annotation-target/index.html)
* No parameters.

An opt-in requirement can have one of two severity [levels](/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-requires-opt-in/-level/index.html):
* `RequiresOptIn.Level.ERROR`. Opt-in is mandatory. Otherwise, the code that uses marked API won't compile. Default level.
* `RequiresOptIn.Level.WARNING`. Opt-in is not mandatory, but advisable. Without it, the compiler raises a warning.

To set the desired level, specify the `level` parameter of the `@RequiresOptIn` annotation.

> Additionally, you can provide a `message` to inform API users about specical conditition of using the API. 

Reviewer: typo: special

> Additionally, you can provide a `message` to inform API users about specical conditition of using the API. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, you can provide a `message` to inform API users about special condition of using the API. 
```

The clients will be able to use them without restriction. However, you should leave the annotation classes in modules so that 
the existing client code remains compatible.

To let the API users update their modules accordingly (remove the annotations 
from their code and recompile), mark the annotations as [`@Deprecated`](/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-deprecated/index.html)
and provide the explanation in the deprecation message.

<div class="sample" markdown="1" theme="idea" data-highlight-only>

```kotlin
@Deprecated("This opt-in requirement is not used anymore. Remove its usages from your code.")
@RequiresOptIn
annotation class ExperimentalDateTime
```

</div>

## Experimental status of the opt-in requirements

The opt-in requirement mechanism is experimental in Kotlin 1.3.
This means that in future releases it may be changed in ways that make it incompatible.

To make the users of annotations `@OptIn` and `@RequiresOptIn` aware of their experimental status,
the compiler raises warnings when compiling the code with these annotations:

```This class can only be used with the compiler argument '-Xopt-in=kotlin.RequiresOptIn'```

>  To remove the warnings, add the compiler argument `-Xopt-in=kotlin.OptIn`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 To remove the warnings, add the compiler argument `-Xopt-in=kotlin.RequiresOptIn`.
```
